Raise your hand if you agree with our new president
Congratulations to President Xu
The spring of Jiangcheng Chamber of Commerce is here
President Xu, we will follow in your footsteps
Everyone earns money together
Is this the road that is the length of Yihui?
Okay, thank you for your support and trust.
Hahahaha
Everyone earns money together
We scholars will not treat you badly in the future
Whose house is the dog thing when it is not a dog?
You are now kneeling under the stage and walking around learning to bark
How about I let you be our Xu family dog?
I will also build you a luxurious kennel
No need, keep it for your own use
I also hope that your decision today
Don't regret it later. We are